feat: move kro-based validator system to protocol (#17)
kroma-network/kroma-specs: specs/protocol/validator.md

Reviewer: How about renaming this one to `validation.md`?

Author: It looks good.

Reviewer: Please remove `REQUIRED_BOND_AMOUNT` and `REWARD_DIVIDER` in Constants section.

## Submitting L2 Output Commitments

> **_NOTE:_**
> Before the introduction of the KRO governance token, the
> [validator system was ETH-based](./validator-v1/validator-pool.md). With introduction of KRO token, the

> > [KRO-based validator system](./validator-v2/overview.md) has been introduced, mitigating several limitations of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> system has been transitted to [KRO-based validator system](./validator-v2/overview.md), mitigating several limitations of the
```

> > ETH-based system.

Author: This is added.
